Add description to Readme (#90)
mertwole/miniature-happiness: README.md

One can easily override these rules by attaching `Utils.IgnoreAnimatorTimeScaleSetter` script to the target GameObject.

### Namespaces

It's very desirable for classes to belong to some namespace. But for now Unity doesn't support `MonoBehaviour`s that have their name different from the script's name. So the `[AddComponentMenu("...")]` attribute is used to override the component's name when script is attached to `GameObject`.

Label in attribute must have two parts:
* Namespace separated with `/` that started with `Scripts`
* Component name that contains namespace with class name
```csharp
namespace Level.Boss
{
    // Example attribute
    [AddComponentMenu("Scripts/Level/Boss/Level.Boss.Model")]
    public class Model { ... }
}
``` 

When the class with name identical to the namespace's one is needed, for example:
```csharp
namespace Level
{
    [AddComponentMenu("Level.Level")]
    public class Level { ... }
}
```

it should be renamed to `...Impl`:
```csharp
namespace Level
{
    [AddComponentMenu("Level.Level")]
    public class LevelImpl { ... }
}
```

> For comfortable executing this rules, should be used [This Unity Package](https://github.com/Kiuh/Item-Templates-For-Unity) or [This Visual Studio Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nikolay-khimich.unity-class-template). Both package and extension gives opportunity to create unity scripts with all rules in one click. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comfortable executing this rules [This Unity Package](https://github.com/Kiuh/Item-Templates-For-Unity) and [This Visual Studio Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nikolay-khimich.unity-class-template) can be used. Both package and extension gives opportunity to create unity scripts with proper naming rules in one click. 
```

### Formatting

Project uses two formatters: `.NET format` and `CSharpier`.

- Rules for `.NET format` described in [.editorconfig](https://github.com/mertwole/miniature-happiness/blob/main/JamGame/.editorconfig) file.
- Rules for `CSharpier` described in [.csharpierrc.json](https://github.com/mertwole/miniature-happiness/blob/main/JamGame/.csharpierrc.json) file.

<b>.Net format</b> it's a builtin formatter for .NET and can be found [here](https://github.com/dotnet/format).\

> <b>CSharpier</b> it's a tool that's can be found [here](https://csharpier.com/) and installed for any popular IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b>CSharpier</b> it's a tool that can be found [here](https://csharpier.com/) and installed for any popular IDE.

```

### OdinInspector

> [Odin Inspector](https://odininspector.com/) used in project for comfortable debugging and proper visualization complex data structures in Inspector.

Reviewer: Please add some examples of commonly used attributes, like 1-2 examples

> ## Continuous integration
> The project uses 2 ci parts, one for formatting that described in *Formatting* section.
> 
> ### Unity Build Check
> After any pull request for main branch, CI try to build project for Windows x32 and x64, and tells if build was failed.
> 
> ### Formatting Check
> Both <b>.NET format</b> and <b>CSharpier</b> checks included in CI checks and *triggers when any pull request for main branch* was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think CI workflow names fully describe their purpose
